you are really do you love Christmas is
this why you record sweaty balls season
was a Christmas gift
y'all frequently do you hear those words
way too much time uncomfortable moments
small children oh yeah the kids
understand though they like it I've seen
it I would care for them not to be
getting it but they both get it very
well they get it a lot yeah especially
the eleven year old yeah you know play
me about that sketch is that everybody
focuses on the sweaty balls but what's
really brilliant about that sketch is
the way you guys play that at those NPR
characters so it is absolutely exactly
perfect well they don't
[Applause]
you know so they just take a long time
yeah yeah maybe that's what it is
really settle into a topic for a long
long time yes and it's not unpleasant
but it is distinctive and yeah it seems
like it is it infects the whole all of
National Public Radio a 15 to 17 minutes
segment on artisanal ale and I will
almost made me go become sober as you
know what is your least favorite thing
about the holidays I don't care for
shopping I find it stressful I love
giving the perfect gift mm-hmm I don't
care for the fact that my husband buys
everything immediately before I thought
of it so I do that too she really hates
it and she gets mad I don't know what
I'm supposed to do you're supposed to
withhold yeah purchasing things for
yourself yeah
beginning around November first you
think if you haven't I do you share it
you sound a little quick text you know
what would be fun to have and then
that's it then but in the way isn't that
just ordering it at the slowest possible
speed husband care if he gets presents
doesn't care yeah he doesn't care he
doesn't care and um yeah
the kids care a lot the kids want or the
kids want presidents elves or they want
presents for him they want stuff for
themselves
okay do they believe in Santa Claus yeah
well so here's the thing we that's one I
will go to the grave on I don't care if
they believe because it's not it's not
an issue we don't argue it it's he's
real III believe in it there
you know I don't think it's a guy it's
like based on a tradition it's you know
it's the government or something by now
they definitely collaborate the issue I
have in terms of plausible deniability
is the Easter Bunny and that one really
gets me going because I will go to the
grave on Santa Claus but here's the
thing
it's either a rabbit they don't have
opposable thumbs they can't carry stuff
I don't understand why a rabbit would be
in your house and I really don't like
the idea of a grown man in a bunny suit
I find that upsetting and chances are
good but it would be a grown man in a
bunny suit with a fanny pack not go to
the mat are your children my children
are 33 Oh Mike my children are 11 and 17
oh yeah yeah so they never do you never
have discuss it it's not an issue is it
possible that they think I believe in
Santa Claus and they don't want to ruin
it not to believe but I would prefer for
Christmas to be magic there is speaking
of Christmas there is speculation that
you are Christmas tree on the map I have
read this yeah I have read this I'll
tell you something I've done some
internet research myself mm-hmm a lot of
people think it's Natalie Cole who
passed so probably not Natalie Natalie
teams I will say if if if you might
think it's me I'm not saying it is me
I'll tell you a great way to find out
and that's to buy my album sugar and
boost
tell me about the Christmas album we I
see we've got originals and cover song
we've got seasonal secular favorites I
see with Maya Rudolph and we've got yes
I wrote I wrote a bunch of originals one
of which is a song called Secret Santa
that Maya Rudolph greased me with a harm
harmonies on nice I wrote the titular
track sugar and booze so we can say
titular on television can she teach an
yep and I wrote yeah wrote a bunch of
fun songs about that my favorite parts
of Christmas and we also covered a bunch
of you know Great American Songbook it's
a really it's a throwback a jazzy
nostalgic vibe it's probably says it all
it's you're drunk and you know it's it's
where I'm headed reported at what months
I recorded it in January February and
all the way up through April some some
occasions we tried for this we tried for
for last frost uh-huh yeah after
Christmas season was over you continued
with Christmas left we schlepped our
tree to the studio just to create a
little touch of Christmas every day yeah
whatever I mean you know what are you
gonna do and I also actually recorded an
audible I wrote an audible original
using a lot of music from sugar and
booze
it's called holiday greetings from sugar
and booze and it takes it makes fun of
all those holidays horrible family like
a story or yeah it's a story it's a
narrative it's a miniseries it's on
holiday on article but it but it you
know there's awful letters where people
brag about themselves yes the family
holiday news and the uncomfortable
omissions where they they don't mention
their stupid children right yeah
that sits like that it's a story too
through that forum and I read up on that
and Rachel Dratch and Patty the next
many of you do another one of these you
could do a song called the kid who got
left off the card this is the album
sugar and booze on a gas
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do